honey they're internet people is Bo
again you know almost as soon as
somebody hears my accident talking about
my views somebody normally from the
north will be like what do you think of
the Confederate flag kind of like some
kind of test I guess you know there's
that stereotype okay well I I can
understand wanting to display a tie to
the south
I did it's a wonderful town here it is
wonderful down here it's a great place
it's great culture but the thing I don't
understand is that southern culture
existed long before the Confederacy and
long afterward I have no idea why people
want to use that symbol as an icon to
represent the south it's it's drawing up
images of the most immoral evil and
worst times in southern history I don't
understand how that's become a symbol I
don't understand how people can think
you know I want people to associate me
with this with all of this evil with all
of this stuff that happened I want
people to associate me with that but
there's so many other options to put in
a different perspective it would be like
saying I want to display my American
heritage so you walk around with
smallpox infected blankets handing them
out to people it just it doesn't make
sense you know the Confederacy it was a
failed nation that didn't last a
generation over a hundred years ago
nobody has a connection to that anymore
not really and let's say you do let's
say for whatever reason you actually
have some connection to the Confederacy
why don't you actually fly the
Confederate flag
right now there's much people going
y-yeah that red flag with the blue cross
and the stars on it that's not the
Confederate flag that's the flag of the
Army of Northern Virginia it's a battle
flag it's robert e lee's flag basically
had nothing to do with the confederacy
the original confederate flag had a red
stripe a white stripe a red stripe a
blue field with stars and it looked a
lot like the American flag had three
strikes though why not fly that if you
actually want heritage and some
connection to the Confederacy why not
find that symbol nobody's gonna look at
that and be like oh that guy's a racist
doesn't have that connotation people
don't look at that most don't even know
what it is and if you're actually
concerned about heritage that'd be kind
of cool test wouldn't it I mean you know
there's a lot of people with rebel flags
you know what they think is the flag of
the Confederacy who didn't know that it
wasn't until this video wouldn't be cool
to kind of weed them out unless that's
not really the heritage you're talking
about and that's actually what I think
it is for a lot of people flying that
flag see it has another heritage it has
another more recent use it was added to
the Georgia state flag two years after
Brown versus Board Education there's
real clear what it meant you up to vote
better stay in your place
that's what it meant the reason it is
seen as a racist symbol is because its
most recent usage was by people who
engaged in lynchings and assassinations
and Church bombings and arsons of course
it's seen as a racist symbol it is it's
that simple I think that's probably the
heritage that most people who fly it are
really reaching back to the 1960s
opposition to desegregation because
otherwise it really had to do with the
Confederacy why aren't you flying the
Confederate flag the road got a bunch of
guys from Alabama and Mississippi flying
a flag from Virginia now not buying it I
don't think it's about heritage now
didn't I for a second you know I had a
guy and there's no West no no nice way
to say this he was a gangbanger he was
we met through a very bizarre twist of
fate nice guy I mean him been in my in
my experience with him he was a nice guy
but he was a gangbanger he told me that
he he he gave I wish I could remember
the exact words something like I give
white boys a pass if they're under 20
for flying I thought that was
interesting ask him why
and he said that was a lot like black
kids from the suburbs sporting gang
colors you know they're looking for an
identity they're looking for something
to belong to and this is this is how
they think they can do it
but if you know and that's okay as a kid
but if they're older and they haven't
grown out of that they're probably
dangerous yeah yeah that's that's pretty
good and that's been my experience that
has been my experience with it it is the
thing is that symbol doesn't represent
the south it represents races it never
represented the south ever
it wasn't the southern flag it wasn't
the Confederate flag yeah I know there's
somebody that's gonna say well you know
later later on the Confederacy had a
second flag and a third flag and you
know and it was in some those yeah it
was a small part a small part at no
point in time was a red flag with a blue
cross with those stars on it making up
the entire flag was that anything other
than a battle flag for robert e lee's
army and i think there was an outfit out
of tennessee that used something similar
it doesn't represent South it never did
so it's not your heritage at least not
the one you're pretending it is and
here's the thing about it because we
have a new South gentleman you know live
out in the country my nearest neighbors
are black and tell you this
they represent the South southern
culture southern hospitality more than
anyone I have ever met that was waving
one of those flags and I know there's a
lot of people to think that there's
gonna be some resurgence and the South
will rise again you know in the 1920s
that flag didn't have a racist
connotation back then it was the symbol
of lost causes
I think that's probably more fitting you
know you guys tried recently I know
races from all over the country went to
Georgia to try to defend some
Confederate Monument and you got chased
out by the people in Georgia in Georgia
they didn't want your racist readers
as far as that ever symbolizing the
South again it won't we don't want you
anymore
it's a new south don't go away mad
just go away anyway y'all have a nice
night